---
title: "藝術?!????!!!!!"
date: 2008-05-16
tags: [life]
original_path: "/2008/05/blog-post_4513.html"
blog: "PurMuurFuuur"
---

今天看到一個消息，我很生氣：  
  
這是2007年八月的展覽，來自哥斯達黎加  
Guillermo Habacuc Vargas 的假藝術家  
將一隻飢餓的流浪狗，栓在藝廊一角  
不許任何人給狗食物或水，牆上貼的標語卻是用飼料拼貼的  
那隻狗在參展民眾前被活活餓死，並稱作藝術  
而這位假藝術家還受邀威尼斯雙年展，展方要求再一次展出  
  
我不想在這裡放任何那隻狗的照片，那行為實在是太令我生氣  
為什麼這麼不尊重生命？我對任何影響到自身以外生命的剝奪行為都感到憤慨！  
他為什麼不活活餓死自己，他比那隻狗還sick  
  
後續發展是主辦單位無視百萬多人的抗議還是讓他進入雙年展  
並給出近乎藉口的理由：  
> Their explanation is (among other "excuses"): the act of killing a dog is not a crime in Nicaragua (where the fatal exhibition with the dead dog took place), since there are no animal protecting laws in this country. Thus, even if in Costa Rica (and in hundreds of other countries around the world) such act would be a crime requiring legal steps against the "artist", the "jury" considers the happenings in Nicaragua "insignificant" and excluding Vargas from the Bienal 2008 a "censorship of art".

  
via[[remember natividad](http://reiskeks-natividad.blogspot.com/2008/03/newsticker-bienal-in-honduras-will-take.html)]  
幹！自殺也不犯法呀！他幹麻不活活餓死自己  
  
引述文章的話：  
> Last August, Habacuc created an exhibit called "Exposición Nº1", in the Códice Gallery, located in Managua, capital of Nicaragua. In the entrance of the exhibit, visitors were received with a phrase in the wall: "Eres lo que lees" ("You are what you read"). The letters were formed with dog food.  
>   
> Soon after, the visitors were surprised by the most horrid part of Habacuc's "creativity": an ill dog, which was captured in the streets of Managua, was tied to the wall. According to the "artist", his "Artwork" represented a homage to Natividad Canda, a Nicaraguan who was recently killed by two rottweilers.  
>   
> Habacuc tried to justify, with this explanation, the capture of a defenseless and sick dog, which he named Natividad.  
>   
> The dog didn't receive any veterinary care and wasn't fed nor was offered water. Although many of the visitors asked Habacuc to release the poor animal, he refused to do so.  
>   
> The dog remained captive, tied to the exhibit's wall, until the day after the inauguration of the installation, when it died of starvation, right in front of the public's eyes.

  
  
相關文章：  
[Do You Think Torturing an Animal is Artwork?](http://www.latinaviva.com/50226711/do_you_thinktorturing_an_animal_is_artwork.php)  
[Stopping Guillermo Vargas Habacuc](http://aspcacommunity.ning.com/group/stopping)  
[Dog used as art, tied up, starved to death](http://www.care2.com/c2c/share/detail/514625)  
  
抵制該假藝術家參與０８年威尼斯雙年展之聯署：  
There is an online petition, which is asking for a boycott of Habacuc's work. The petition's goal is [to get Guillermo Habacuc Vargas banned form the "Bienal Centroamericana Honduras 2008"](http://www.petitiononline.com/ea6gk/petition.html ).  
  
EXHIBITION IS TAKING PLACE AT:  
  
Email Address:  
info@madc.ac.cr  
  
Location:  
Centro Nacional de la Cultura  
Antigua Fábrica Nacional de Licores.  
Avenida 3, calle 15/17. San José, Costa Rica.  
Teléfono: (506) 257 7202 / 257 9370  
Fax: (506) 257 8702  
  
Sample Letter to Send the Gallery >>>>  
  
I am writing regarding the horrifying actions of Guillermo Habacuc Vargas,who paid local children to catch a dog on the street and then confined,starved and publicly displayed the dog as an "art" exhibit until the innocent animal died of starvation.  
  
I along with many people world wide am outraged that Guillermo habacuc Vargas has been selected to represent Costa Rica in "Bienal Centroamericana Honduras 2008",This man is by no definition of the word an artist he is a criminally insane sadist and enjoys inflicting prolonged suffering upon his innocent victims.he is a danger to all of society as it is well documented that those with the capacity to intentionally cause harm to an animal have the same capacity to harm humans.  
  
To state that this animal would have died eventually of natural causes is unjustifiable and beyond logical,rational thinking.  
  
To allow Guillermo habacuc Vargas to represent Costa Rica in Bienal Centroamericana Honduras 2008 will in no way benefit Costa Rica,the world is watching and the actions of this so called artist has brought much negative assumptions as to the humanity of the people of Costa Rica and the fact that the many witnesses of this animals suffering did nothing and that the organizers of this event allowed this rather than taking action to see that Guillermo Vargas be criminally charged with animal abuse is sending the world a message that Costa Rica consists of a cruel,uncivilized society that has no regard for life but enjoys viewing and contributing to the loss of life.  
  
Each and every person who knew of and witnessed the suffering of this innocent dog is equally as guilty of causing it's uncalled for death.  
And to let this crime go unpunished and instead be awarded by Guillermo Vargas representing Costa Rica in Bienal Centroamericana Honduras 2008 is unacceptable and shameful not only to Costa Rica but to all participants of this event.  
  
I urge you,do not condone the heinous actions of Guillermo Vargas by allowing him to participation in Bienal Centroamericana Honduras 2008.He should be jailed and prosecuted to the fullest extent of law for this animals death,not representing Costa Rica as an artist for he is not an artist and to refer to him as such is an insult to all true artists.  
  
Sincerely,  
Your Name   
  
ANOTHER GALLERY SHOWING HIS WORK  
this is the email addy to a gallery which currently holds some of vargas' work for display and for sale if anyone would like to ask the gallery to drop him from their list of artists their email address is below.  
  
EMail: info@jacobkarpio-galeria.com
